Docker Threat Modeling
Given Docker's system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.

1. Docker client authorization abuse
   Elevation of Privilege: when a Dockerfile does not specify a user, it defaults to executing the container using the root user, affecting client authorization and the Dockerfile.

2. Docker client compromise
   Tampering: An attacker gets control of the Docker client. This could lead to tampering of the Dockerfile that’s used to build the image affecting Dockerfile.

3. Docker host isolation tampering
   Spoofing: This can occur when a sidecar container has intentional access to the primary container's namespace and may spoof the namespace used by the primary container, resulting in isolation tampering.
   
4. Docker insecure defaults
   Information Disclosure: The Docker host file system may be misconfigured, exposing sensitive information and leading to insecure defaults.

5. Docker image security
   Repudiation: Malicious images may be committed without authorization by an attacker. This affects image security.
   

Kubernetes Threat Modeling
Given Kubernetes' system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.

1. Control Plane kube-apiserver
   Spoofing: Calls to the API server could be spoofed by a malicious caller.

2. Control Plane etcd
   Tampering: The configuration of etcd may be tampered with by an attacker, modifying vital system-level configurations such as pod specs.

3. Control Plane kube-scheduler
   Denial of Service: excessive traffic to the API server can overwhelm the endpoint. kube-scheduler can incorrectly schedule the pod.

4. Node runtime kubelet
   Repudiation: Unauthorized changes can be made to kubelet.

5. Node runtime kube-proxy
   Information Disclosure: Kube-proxy can expose sensitive information.

Docker-bench Run Results and Analysis
From the failed findings, select and document 3 findings from the Docker-bench results that you want to harden based on the 5 attack surface areas you identified in Step 1. At least 1 of the 3 hardened findings should be different from the ones mentioned in the exercise (i.e. 5.10, 5.14, and 5.22).
1. [FAIL] 2.7 Ensure TLS authentication for Docker daemon is configured (Automated)
2. [FAIL] 2.14 Ensure containers are restricted from acquiring new privileges (Automated)
3. [FAIL] 5.25 Ensure that the container is restricted from acquiring additional privileges (Automated)
